so I can't be mad that someone took my
squat right because it's Aaron and he's
putting in work check out what ocean
state just got the official deadlift
platform this is pretty badass I was
showing Mike the owner a video of dan
green lifting at his gym and I showed
him the platform and I said that he
should get something like that and then
the old like a month later he makes one
so that's pretty badass
somebody had the extra pads on top of
here if you can remove those obviously
hell yeah
all right analysis time so I'm pretty
happy with this four hundred and sixty
pound PR it's a 15-pound jump for my
last PR seven weeks ago I know it's hard
to see cuz the weights are in the way
but my death looks very good you can see
from my knees my legs slant downward
into my hips indicating that my hips
were below my knees the rep is very very
slow here I almost stall out but I never
dropped the bar in my form never cracked
my hips didn't shoot up which is a big
positive I was able to maintain very
clean form even though the rapid low
Aaron did not touch the bar he's a
competitive power lifter he knows the
rules I know I can't prove that you're
gonna have to take my word for it or
don't but the rep was completely me and
I was very happy with it now back to the
drawing board let her wait gonna pay
close attention to detail I'll go over
what I'm gonna do the next six weeks
then that rode to 500 pounds oh my
goodness that is so many shoes so these
little guys have to be Ariana's yep
those are hers those are the black high
tops
I'm gonna guess these are the black high
alright called it right woo Annie now
has the new black high tops in stock
which is pretty sick the exact same
function as the other Hani's so a little
four millimeter sole so they'll again
been just like socks will it's literally
like dead lifting in bare feet it's a
barefoot shoe that actually has the
style of a sneaker and these you have to
admit our fresh flats pretty damn cool
new high-tops are in and I believe Ani
even hooked it up with a little
something extra for those wintry seasons
when I have to go out and get the mail
boom
slip on a little slide on shoes love it
the link for these as always is in the
infobox below
just on e brand.com and of course you
can
use nwb as your 10% discount code for
them but they're already pretty cheap as
it is excellent weight lifting shoe